This is the question for exercise 89.
And here we're going to interact with databases.
So please download the database file called database.db and this file contains a table with 50 countries
along with the area for each country in square kilometers and the country population.
Let me quickly show you how the table looks like.
I'm using this small program called Browser for SQLite, or SQLite Browser. You don't need
this program. I just want to show you how the table looks like. So you can open a database and in the
file I'm giving you that you have in resources is this on here.
If you're open that you go to browse data.
This is how the data looks like.
So we have an ID, country area, and population and you have 50 countries in there.
Ok. And now what I want you to do,
I want you to use your iPhone to print out those countries that have an area of greater than 2 million
square kilometers.
So the output would be this one in here.
So just that. These are the countries that have an area of greater than 2 million square kilometers
and you have to print them out. Thisis it.
Thanks.
See you later.